<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ahb_v2n_cv">
  <title>Content Key Reference Tests</title>
  <shortdesc>Tests various configurations of referencing and referenced elements for content key
    reference.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section spectitle="Overview">
      <p>There are several cases for content reference reflecting different levels of specialization
        for the referencing or referenced element:<ol id="ul_t5c_xg2_pv">
          <li>Reference from a generic topic to elements in generic topics (same topic types)</li>
          <li>Reference from a more-specialized topic to elements in a generic (less specialized)
            topic</li>
          <li>Reference from a less-specialized topic to a more-specialized topic</li>
        </ol></p>
      <p>Case (2) is not allowed when strong content reference constraints are enforced. However, by
        default weak constraints, not strong constraints, are in effect. Processors may provide the
        option of making all constraints strong. </p>
      <p>These combinations of specialization are not specific to content key references—the rules
        are the same whether you use <xmlatt>conkeyref</xmlatt>
        <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt>. However, since you should never <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt> these tests
        are constructed using key references.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Expected Results">
      <p>Cases (1) and (3) should always work. Case (2) should fail, or at least generate a warning,
        when strong content reference constraints are in effect (but remember that weak constraints
        is the default). When weak content reference constraints are in effect then case (2) should
        succeed.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Relevant Specification Language">
      <p>General conref processing rules: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/conref-processing.html"
          format="html" scope="external">2.4.2.2 Processing conrefs</xref>.</p>
      <p>Weak and strong constraints: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/constraints-strong-and-weak.html"
          format="html" scope="external">2.5.5.4 Weak and strong constraints</xref>.</p>
      <p>Compatibility of documents for content reference strong constraint checking: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/constraints-conref-compatibility.html#conref-compatibility-constraints"
          format="html" scope="external">2.5.5.5 Conref compatibility with constraints</xref>.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Test Results">
      <table frame="topbot" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_t4w_rgn_cv">
        <title>Test Results</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Processor</entry>
              <entry>Test Result</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Open Toolkit 2.2.3</entry>
              <entry>Reference from less-specialized element to more-specialized element
                  fails.<p>Other tests pass as expected. The OT does not appear to have an option
                  for turning on strong constraint checking.</p></entry>
              <entry>Logged as issue #1884</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML Editor 18 beta</entry>
              <entry>
                <p>All content references are resolved correctly in Author mode.</p>
                <p>Oxygen 18 does not appear to provide an option for turning on strong constraint
                  checking.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 11</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>FrameMaker 2015</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ditac 2.5.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>DFST Link Manager 0.9.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
