<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Topic//EN" "technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd" [
]>



<topic id = "topic_ahb_v2n_cv"
    xmlns:ditaarch = "http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
<title>Cross-Deliverable Link Test 01</title>
<shortdesc>Tests the handling of cross-deliverable links using DITA
1.3's new meaning for scope="peer" and scoped key references. asdfasdj;lfm</shortdesc>
<body><section spectitle = "Overview"><p>This test consists of two
maps where Map A has a scope="peer" map reference to Map B and then
has several forms of link from Map A to keys defined in Map B:<ul
    id = "ul_uyv_t5y_nv"><li>Cross references from topics in Map
A to topics in Map B using scope-qualified key references.</li>
<li>Relationship table references from Map A to topics in Map B.</li></ul></p><p>In
order to test that the key spaces of Map A and Map B are kept distinct,
Map B and Map A both declare the same key name in the root scope.
Because Map B's map reference occurs in Map A before Map A's reference
to it's own key-defining map, if the key spaces are not kept distinct
the key definition in Map B will take precedence over the key definition
in Map A. A reference from a topic in Map A should resolve to the
Map-A-used topic and not to the Map B-used topic.</p>
      <p>Map A is here: <xref keyref="map-a.topic-01"/>. Map A is the input to the tests.</p>
      <p>Map B is here: <xref keyref="map-b.topic-01"/>. Map B is linked to by topics in Map A.</p></section>
<section spectitle = "Expected Results"><p>The expected results
include:<ul id = "ul_mly_x5y_nv"><li>Map B's keys are not included
in Map A's key space.</li>
<li>The references to Map B topics from Map A are recognized as
being cross-deliverable. The processing result will vary depending
on how well cross-deliverable linking is supported, but at a minimum
the reference should be recognized as cross-deliverable and either
resolved correctly or reported as a unsupported link in some appropriate
way. The link should not be reported as invalid or unresolvable.
Because both maps are present processors should able to process
both Map A and Map B when Map A is processed.</li></ul></p></section>
<section spectitle = "Relevant Specification Language"><p>Cross-deliverable
addressing is defined in <xref  href = "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/links-between-maps.html#links-between-maps"
format = "html" scope = "external">Cross-deliverable addressing
and linking</xref>.</p></section>
<section spectitle = "Test Results"><p>Test results</p><table
    frame = "topbot" colsep = "1" rowsep = "1" id = "table_t4w_rgn_cv">
<title>Test Results</title>
<tgroup cols = "3" colsep = "1" rowsep = "1" outputclass = "FormatA">
<colspec colnum = "1" colname = "1" colwidth = "33*"/>
<colspec colnum = "2" colname = "2" colwidth = "33*"/>
<colspec colnum = "3" colname = "3" colwidth = "33*"/>
<thead>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">Processor</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Test Result</entry>
<entry colname = "3">Notes</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">DITA Open Toolkit 2.2.3</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Not tested</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">oXygenXML Editor 18 beta</entry>
<entry colname="2">Key reference to peer topic is reported as a topic referenced from another topic
                but not referenced from the map.</entry>
<entry colname="3">Reported to Radu.</entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">XMetaL 11.0</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Not tested</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">FrameMaker 15</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Not tested</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">ditac 2.5.x</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Not tested</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "0">
<entry colname = "1">DFST Link Manager 0.9.x</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Not tested</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table></section></body></topic>
