<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ahb_v2n_cv">
  <title>This-Topic Fragment ID Tests</title>
  <shortdesc>Tests the resolution of this-topic fragment IDs within elements used by content
    reference.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section spectitle="Overview">
      <p>The DITA 1.3 specification requires that these references be resolved in the context of the
        referencing topic, not the topic that contains the re-used elements. This means that these
        references must be resolved after content reference resolution has been performed.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Expected Results">
      <p>For task test-case-01, which uses the steps by conref, the reference from step 3 to step 1
        should be resolved in the context of the test-case-01 topic.</p>
      <p>For task warehouse-task-01 when used directly from the map, the reference from step 3 to
        step 1 should be resolved in the context of the warehouse topic as rendered for that
        normal-role use.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Relevant Specification Language">
      <p>The this-topic fragment identifier is defined here: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/uri-based-addressing.html"
          format="html" scope="external"
          >http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/uri-based-addressing.html</xref>. </p>
      <p>The requirements for processing this-topic fragment identifiers in content references is
        defined here: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/handling-xref-and-conref-within-topics.html#handling-xref-and-conref-within-topics"
          format="html" scope="external"
          >http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/handling-xref-and-conref-within-topics.html#handling-xref-and-conref-within-topics</xref></p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Test Results">
      <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_f1q_4s3_sgb">
        <title>Test Results 7 Feb 2018</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Processor</entry>
              <entry>Test Result</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Open Toolkit 3.3</entry>
              <entry>
                <p>Test case 1: Failed:  link from within conreffed steps to step within conreffed
                  steps not resolved.</p>
                <p>Test case 2: Passed: Link from inside conref to element outside conref works.</p>
                <p>Test case 3: Failed:<ul id="ul_yxr_rfp_2hb">
                    <li>Link from inside conref to element in using topic is not resolved.</li>
                    <li>Link from within conreffed content to ID in conreffed content not
                      resolved.</li>
                  </ul></p>
                <p>Test case 4: Passed. Conref to element in the same topic is resolved.</p>
                <p>Test case 5: Passed. All conrefs correctly resolved</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>It looks like case 1 almost worked in that the generated IDs were close but the
                actual generated values are different between the ID values set on the list items
                and on the reference to them.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Open Toolkit 2.5.4</entry>
              <entry>Test cases 1-3 fail.<p>Test case 4 succeeds.</p><p>Test case 5: Passed. All
                  conrefs correctly resolved</p></entry>
              <entry>This-topic fragment identifiers within conreffed elements are not correctly
                resolved. They are correctly resolved in the same content when processed
                directly.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML Editor 20.1 beta</entry>
              <entry>Partly succeeded. Navigation from links to targets done correctly in all cases.
                Resolution of link text not done correctly.</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 11</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>FrameMaker 19</entry>
              <entry>Failed</entry>
              <entry>Links were not resolved although conrefs were resolved.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ditac 2.5.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
      <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_t4w_rgn_cv">
        <title>Test Results 29 March 2016</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Processor</entry>
              <entry>Test Result</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Open Toolkit 2.2.3</entry>
              <entry>HTML: Failed with unresolved or incorrectly-resolved links<p>PDF: Failed with
                  unresolved/incorrectly-resolved references in the conreffed elements.</p></entry>
              <entry>This-topic fragment identifiers within conreffed elements are not correctly
                resolved. They are correctly resolved in the same content when processed
                directly.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML Editor 18 beta</entry>
              <entry>Failed</entry>
              <entry>Reference is resolved in the context of source topic containing the conreffed
                elements, not in the referencing context.<p>Issue has been reported to Syncro Soft
                  and logged as an issue.</p></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 11</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>FrameMaker 13</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ditac 2.5.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
