<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Topic//EN" "technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd" [
]>



<topic id = "reuse_with_copy_to_01"
    xmlns:ditaarch = "http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
<title>Reuse with copy-to 01</title>
<shortdesc>This test exercises the use of <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> to
enable cross references to two different uses of a single topic.</shortdesc>
<body><section spectitle = "Overview"><p>If the same topic is used
twice in the same map and you need to create cross references to
one or both of the uses using direct URI references (and not keys) then
there is a fundamental problem in that a reference to the source
DITA file is ambiguous as to which use of the topic you mean. In
an HTML output context you will likely get the first use of the
topic or for both uses there will only be a single HTML file generated
and the link will go to that file. The file may reflect both use
contexts, for example if you generate links to parent topics the
HTML file will have a link to both parents.</p><p>Through DITA 1.2
the non-key solution is to use <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> on one of
the references to specify a new effective source filename for the
reference. This has the effect of producing a distinct HTML result
file for the reference to the topic. For cross references you specify
the effective source file name (the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value)
rather than the real source file name. Editors may flag this reference
as unresolved (because there's no actual source file with the referenced
filename) but processors should resolve the reference in outputs.
The DITA Open Toolkit generates a literal source file reflecting
the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value in the temporary files it generates
as part of preprocessing.</p><p>For DITA 1.3, if you use key scopes
or branch filtering such that each use of a topic is within a distinct
key scope or has branch filtering applied, then the processor is
effectively obligated to generate unique result files for each use
of a given topic. That may remove the need to use <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> when
the reference to the topic is within the same key scope or within
the same filtered scope.</p><p>The test case contains a number of
topics. Topic <filepath>topic_a.dita</filepath> is used twice in
the map. The second use specifies "topic_a-use-02.dita" for the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value.</p><p>Topic <filepath>topic_b.dita</filepath> has
links to both "topic_a.dita" and "topic_a-use-02.dita".</p></section>
<section spectitle = "Expected Results"><p>The cross reference to
the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value "topic_a-use-02.dita" should resolve
to the second use of topic A.</p></section>
<section spectitle = "Relevant Specification Language"><p>The <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> attribute
is defined in <xref  href = "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/langRef/attributes/topicrefElementAttributes.html"
format = "html" scope = "external">3.10.12 Topicref element attributes
group</xref>.</p></section>
<section spectitle = "Test Results"><p>Describe the results of running
the tests with different processors. Include the processor version
and option details so that others can reproduce your tests.</p><table
    frame = "topbot" colsep = "1" rowsep = "1" id = "table_t4w_rgn_cv">
<title>Test Results</title>
<tgroup cols = "3" colsep = "1" rowsep = "1" outputclass = "FormatA">
<colspec colnum = "1" colname = "1" colwidth = "33*"/>
<colspec colnum = "2" colname = "2" colwidth = "33*"/>
<colspec colnum = "3" colname = "3" colwidth = "33*"/>
<thead>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">Processor</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Test Result</entry>
<entry colname = "3">Notes</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">DITA Open Toolkit 2.2.x</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Link is resolved correctly.</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">oXygenXML Editor 18 beta</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Editor does not resolve the reference to the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value
in the editor.</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">XMetaL 11</entry>
<entry colname="2">Editor does not resolve the reference to the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value in
                the editor.</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname="1">FrameMaker 13.0.1.385</entry>
<entry colname="2">Editor does not resolve the reference to the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value in
                the editor.</entry>
<entry colname="3">No text is shown in this case, so it's not very clear what's going on because the
                link is just empty.</entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "1">
<entry colname = "1">ditac 2.5.x</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Not tested</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
<row rowsep = "0">
<entry colname = "1">DFST Link Manager 0.9.x</entry>
<entry colname = "2">Not tested</entry>
<entry colname = "3"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table></section></body></topic>
