<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="reuse_with_copy_to_01">
  <title>Reuse with copy-to 01</title>
  <shortdesc>This test exercises the use of <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> to enable cross references to
    two different uses of a single topic.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section spectitle="Overview">
      <p>If the same topic is used twice in the same map and you need to create cross references to
        one or both of the uses using direct URI references (and not keys) then there is a
        fundamental problem in that a reference to the source DITA file is ambiguous as to which use
        of the topic you mean. In an HTML output context you will likely get the first use of the
        topic or for both uses there will only be a single HTML file generated and the link will go
        to that file. The file may reflect both use contexts, for example if you generate links to
        parent topics the HTML file will have a link to both parents.</p>
      <p>Through DITA 1.2 the non-key solution is to use <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> on one of the
        references to specify a new effective source filename for the reference. This has the effect
        of producing a distinct HTML result file for the reference to the topic. For cross
        references you specify the effective source file name (the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value)
        rather than the real source file name. Editors may flag this reference as unresolved
        (because there's no actual source file with the referenced filename) but processors should
        resolve the reference in outputs. The DITA Open Toolkit generates a literal source file
        reflecting the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value in the temporary files it generates as part of
        preprocessing.</p>
      <p>For DITA 1.3, if you use key scopes or branch filtering such that each use of a topic is
        within a distinct key scope or has branch filtering applied, then the processor is
        effectively obligated to generate unique result files for each use of a given topic. That
        may remove the need to use <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> when the reference to the topic is
        within the same key scope or within the same filtered scope.</p>
      <p>The test case contains a number of topics. Topic <filepath>topic_a.dita</filepath> is used
        twice in the map. The second use specifies "topic_a-use-02.dita" for the
          <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value.</p>
      <p>Topic <filepath>topic_b.dita</filepath> has links to both "topic_a.dita" and
        "topic_a-use-02.dita".</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Expected Results">
      <p>The cross reference to the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value "topic_a-use-02.dita" should
        resolve to the second use of topic A.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Relevant Specification Language">
      <p>The <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> attribute is defined in <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/langRef/attributes/topicrefElementAttributes.html"
          format="html" scope="external">3.10.12 Topicref element attributes group</xref>.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Test Results">
      <table frame="topbot" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_t4w_rgn_cv">
        <title>Test Results</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Processor</entry>
              <entry>Test Result</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Open Toolkit 2.2.x</entry>
              <entry>Link is resolved correctly.</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML Editor 18 beta</entry>
              <entry>Editor does not resolve the reference to the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> value in
                the editor.</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 11</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>FrameMaker 13</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ditac 2.5.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>DFST Link Manager 0.9.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
