<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="glossary_with_resource_only_keys">
  <title>Glossary With Resource-Only Keys</title>
  <body>
    <p>This publication demonstrates how to manage glossary entries using two maps, one that defines
      only resource-only keys for each glossary entry topic and one that organizes some or all of
      those glossary entries in the publication using normal-role topicrefs.</p>
    <p>The publication then has topics with &lt;term> elements that use keyrefs to the normal-role
      topicrefs.</p>
    <p>The map <filepath>glossary-entries/aikido-master-glossary-keydefs.ditamap</filepath> defines
      resource-only keys, one for each glossary entry topic, using the key name convention
      "gloss.*".</p>
    <p>The map <filepath>glossary/glossary.ditamap</filepath> contains normal-role topicrefs with
      keys of the form "glossary.*" that then refer to the corresponding resource-only keys
      ("gloss.*"). The convention used here is "gloss." is the prefix for resource-only keys and
      "glossary." is the prefix for navigation topicrefs (glossary entries that will be published in
      the publication). (This particular convention, chosen for this example, might be confusing but
      I couldn't think of a clearer convention.)</p>
    <p>The reason that this distinction is important is that resource-only keys do not result in
      anything in the output. The referenced topics can be used to get the glossary term text so
      it's reflected in the output correctly but they can't be the target of hyperlinks because
      there won't be anything rendered for the glossary entry itself in the rendered publication.
      This is especially obvious for PDF where there's simply nowhere for a resource-only topic to
      be. In HTML you might accidentally get HTML files that happen to correspond to the
      resource-only topics, but that is purely accidental.</p>
    <p>If the glossary only occurs in one document then there's no real need for these two distinct
      sets of key definitions.</p>
    <p>But if the glossary entries will be used in different ways in different publications then
      having these two maps is essential.</p>
    <p>The resource-only key definition map represents the set of all glossary entries while the
      normal-role map can reflect only those entries actually needed in a given publication. It also
      allows the glossary entries to be organized in whatever way is appropriate in the publication,
      which might be different from their organization in the resource-only key definition map (for
      example, the resource-only map might not be alphabetical or there might be different
      equally-correct ways to group and order the entries in some languages (such as Simplified
      Chinese, where sort order is a function of the pin-yin transliteration of the words, which can
      vary depending on the editorial policies in effect for a given publication or writing
      group).</p>
    <p>The separation also makes it possible to have a separate master glossary document such that
      the key references become cross-deliverable links to the master glossary if desired (which is
      one reason to use the "." convention for the prefix--that makes it easy to bind the key
      references to another publication using DITA 1.3 cross-deliverable linking features).</p>
    <p>Here is a reference to a term defined in the glossary: <term
        keyref="gloss.aikido"/> (should be the term "aikido" and should be a link to the glossary
      entry for it).</p>
    <p>Note that within the glossary entries, references to other glossary entries use the
      "glossary.*" form of key reference, not the "gloss.*" form. That's because these references
      need to also be to normal-role uses of the glossary entries or the term elements can't become
      links.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
