<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ahb_v2n_cv">
  <title>Scoped Code References Test</title>
  <shortdesc>Tests the resolution of code references in the context of key scopes where the key
    reference has different bindings in different scopes.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section spectitle="Overview">
      <p>A generic topic includes a &lt;coderef> element that refers to a generic key
        ("code_sample"). The topic is used in two different key scopes, each of which has a
        different definition for the key "code_sample".</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Expected Results">
      <p>Each use of the generic topic should reflect a different code sample as determined by the
        key definition for the key "code_sample" in the using key scope.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Relevant Specification Language">
      <p>The DITA specification is hosted here: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/" format="html" scope="external"
          >http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/</xref>
      </p>
      <p>For references to the Architecture Specification, use the base edition: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/archSpec-base.html"
          format="html" scope="external"
          >http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/archSpec-base.html</xref></p>
      <p>For references to the language specification use the smallest edition that includes the
        element you're linking to (e.g., the base edition for core element types).</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Test Results">
      <p>Describe the results of running the tests with different processors. Include the processor
        version and option details so that others can reproduce your tests.</p>
      <table frame="topbot" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_t4w_rgn_cv">
        <title>Test Results</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Processor</entry>
              <entry>Test Result</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Open Toolkit 2.2.3, 2.3</entry>
              <entry>Works as expected for PDF<p>HTML reflects correct target URL but does not show
                  code in line.</p></entry>
              <entry>Incorrectly reports duplicate key definitions for the scoped keys.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML Editor 18</entry>
              <entry>Only first keydef is reflected in editor</entry>
              <entry>Bug reported to Syncro Soft</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 11</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>FrameMaker 2015</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ditac 2.5.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>DFST Link Manager 0.9.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
