<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_xgt_12n_cv">
  <title>Keyscope Test 01 Description</title>
  <shortdesc>Verifies that keys defined on topicrefs that also specify <codeph>@keyscope</codeph> are
    in the specified scope and not the parent scope.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section spectitle="Overview">
      <p>This map has two topicrefs. Each topicref defines both a key scope and a key name, with a
        reference to a unique
        topic:<codeblock>  &lt;topicref id="tr-scope-01"
    keyscope="scope-01"
    keys="topic-01"
    href="topics/topic-01.dita"/>
  &lt;topicref id="tr-scope-02"
    keyscope="scope-02"
    keys="topic-01"
    href="topics/topic-02.dita"
    /></codeblock></p>
      <p>To refer to the key "topic-01" from outside the scope "scope-01", the correct key reference
        is "scope-01.topic-01", as used in the xref from
        <filepath>topic-02.dita</filepath>:<codeblock>&lt;xref keyref="scope-01.topic-01"/></codeblock></p>
      <p>The topic <filepath>topic-01.dita</filepath> has the equivalent qualified key reference to
          <filepath>topic-02.dita</filepath> as used from topicref "tr-scope-02".</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Expected Result">
      <p>The xref to key "scope-01.topic-01" should be resolved to topic-01.dita as used by topicref
        "tr-scope-01".</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Relevant Specification Clauses">
      <p>The relevant spec language is in clause 2.3.4.2, Key Scopes (<xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part3-all-inclusive/archSpec/base/keyScopes.html"
          format="html" scope="external"
          >http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part3-all-inclusive/archSpec/base/keyScopes.html</xref>):<lq>A
          key scope includes the following components: <ul id="ul_r2v_p2n_cv">
            <li><i>The scope-defining element</i>
            </li>
            <li>The elements that are contained by the scope-defining element, minus the elements
              that are contained by child key scopes </li>
            <li>The elements that are referenced by the scope-defining element or its descendants,
              minus the elements that are contained by child key scopes</li>
          </ul><p>(Italics added)</p></lq></p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Test Results">
      <p>Tests run 30 March 2016 for oXygen 18, XMetal 11.</p>
      <table frame="topbot" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_t4w_rgn_cv">
        <title>Test Results</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Processor</entry>
              <entry>Test Result</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Open Toolkit 2.2.2, XHTML transform</entry>
              <entry>Correct result</entry>
              <entry>Incorrectly reports the key "topic-01" in scope "scope-02" as a
                duplicate.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Open Toolkit 2.2.2, PDF transform</entry>
              <entry>Correct result</entry>
              <entry>Incorrectly reports the key "topic-01" in scope "scope-02" as a
                duplicate.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML 18 beta</entry>
              <entry>Reports map as valid, resolves links correctly. When re-used topic is opened in
                the context of a specific scope the xref's resolved text and associated target
                reflects the current scope, even if topic was already open in the editor.</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML 17.1</entry>
              <entry>Reports map as valid, resolves links correctly.</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 11</entry>
              <entry>Correct result. Cross references are resolved to the correct scope-specific
                target. Scopes are correctly reflected in the key space manager.</entry>
              <entry>Note that there is a known bug in the initial release of XMetal 11 that
                prevents xref text from being resolved in the editor. Cannot verify that xref text
                reflection is correct but assume it will be.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 10</entry>
              <entry>Appears to resolve the key references in the editor but without regard to the
                scope context. In the re-used topic, it reflects the result of resolving the key
                reference in the scope of scope-01</entry>
              <entry>This seems to be a side effect of XMetaL using PIs to put the resolved link
                text in the XML source, rather than resolving the reference dynamically at
                presentation time.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
