<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossentry
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Entry//EN" "glossentry.dtd">
<glossentry id="gloss_customary_law_and_practices">
   <glossterm>Customary Law and Practices</glossterm>
   <glossdef>
      <p>Black’s Law Dictionary defines “customary law” as law “consisting of customs that are accepted as legal requirements or obligatory rules of conduct; practices and beliefs that are so vital and intrinsic a part of a social and economic system that they are treated as if they were laws.” Customary law has also been defined as “locally recognized principles, and more specific norms or rules, which are orally held and transmitted, and applied by community institutions to internally govern or guide all aspects of life.” (Protection Rights over Traditional Knowledge: Implications of Customary Laws and Practices, Research Planning Workshop, Cusco, Peru, 20-25 May, 2005.)</p>
      <p>The ways in which customary laws are embodied differ from one another. For instance, the laws can be codified, written or oral, expressly articulated or implemented in traditional practices. Another important element is whether these laws are actually “formally” recognized by and/or linked to the national legal systems of the country in which a community resides. A decisive factor in determining whether certain customs have status as law is whether they have been and are being viewed by the community as having binding effect, or whether they simply describe actual practices.</p>
      <p>Customary laws concern many aspects of communities’ lives. They define rights and responsibilities of community members on important aspects of their life, culture and world view: customary law can relate to use of and access to natural resources, rights and obligations relating to land, inheritance and property, conduct of spiritual life, maintenance of cultural heritage and knowledge systems, and many other matters.</p>
      <p>“Customary practices” may be described as the acts and uses governing and guiding aspects of a community’s life. Customary practices are engrained within the community and embedded in the way it lives and works. They cannot be perceived as stand-alone, codified “laws” as such ("WIPO, Customary Law, Traditional Knowledge and Intellectual Property: An Outline of the Issues" ).</p>
   </glossdef>
</glossentry>
