<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossentry
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Entry//EN" "glossentry.dtd">
<glossentry id="gloss_prior_informed_consent">
   <glossterm>Prior Informed Consent</glossterm>
   <glossdef>
      <p>A right or principle of “prior informed consent” (PIC) or sometimes “free, prior and informed consent” (FPIC) is referred to or implied in several international instruments, particularly in the environmental field, such as Article 6(4) of the Basel Convention on the Transboundary Movement of Hazardous Wastes, 1989, and the Convention on Biological Diversity (1992).</p>
      <p>The term flows from the implementation of the general principle of participation of indigenous peoples in decision-making, involvement in the formulation, implementation and evaluation of programs affecting them. (Art.32(2), United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; See also United Nations Development Group, Guidelines Related to Indigenous Peoples.)</p>
      <p>The purpose of the use of the adjective “free” is to ensure that no coercion or manipulation is used in the course of negotiations, while inclusion of “prior” acknowledges the importance of allowing time to indigenous to fully review proposals respecting the time required for achieving consensus. It also anticipates the reality that decisions, especially those relating to major investments in development, are often taken in advance with indigenous people. The notion of “informed” consent reflects the growing acceptance that environment and social impact assessment are a pre-requisite for any negotiation process and allow all parties to make balanced decisions.</p>
      <p>“Consent” is a process whereby permission is given, based on a relationship of trust. An informed consent implies that clear explanations are provided, along with contract details, possible benefits, impacts and future uses. The process should be transparent, and the language fully understood by indigenous peoples. (Stephen Allen and Alexandra Xanthaki, “Reflections on the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples”, Oxford and Portland, Oregon, p.49. See also “United Nations Economic and Social Council Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues”, Fourth Session, and “Report of the International Workshop on Methodologies regarding Free, Prior and Informed Consent and Indigenous Peoples”, E/C.19/2005/3. p.8.)</p>
   </glossdef>
</glossentry>
