<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossentry
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Entry//EN" "glossentry.dtd">
<glossentry id="gloss_derivative_work">
   <glossterm>Derivative Work</glossterm>
   <glossdef>
      <p>In copyright law, the term “derivative works” refers to the translations, adaptations, arrangements and similar alterations of preexisting works which are protected under Article 2(3) of the <i> for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works</i> (1971) as such without prejudice to the copyright in the preexisting works. Sometimes, the term is used with a broader meaning, extending to the compilations/collections of works protected under Article 2(5) of the Convention, (as well a under Article 10.2 of the World Trade Organization (WTO) <i>Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights</i>, 1994 (the TRIPS Agreement), and Article 5 of the , 1996 (WCT)). (WIPO Guide to the Copyright and Related Right Treaties Administered by WIPO and Glossary of Copyright and Related Rights Terms, WIPO.)</p>
      <p>In this sense, a “derivative work” includes compilations of data or other material, whether in machine-readable or other form, which, by reason of the selection or arrangement of their contents, constitute intellectual creations. (Art. 2(5) Berne Convention, Art. 10(2) TRIPS Agreement, Art. 6 World Copyright Treaty.)</p>
      <p>Some jurisdictions have adapted the definition of derivative works in the field of traditional cultural expressions. According to the Pacific <i>Regional Framework for the Protection of Traditional Knowledge and Expressions of Culture</i> (2002), the term refers to any intellectual creation or innovation based upon or derived from traditional knowledge or expressions of culture. (Pacific Regional Framework for the Protection of Traditional Knowledge and Expressions of Culture, 2002, Part I. 4.)</p>
   </glossdef>
   <glossBody>
      <glossUsage>
         <div>
            <p>
               <b>Adaptation</b>
            </p>
            <p>Adaptation is the act of altering a pre-existing work (either protected or in the public domain) or a traditional cultural expression, for a purpose other than for which it originally served, in a way that a new work comes into being, in which the elements of the pre-existing work and the new elements—added as a result of the alteration—merge together. (WIPO Guide to the Copyright and Related Right Treaties Administered by WIPO and Glossary of Copyright and Related Rights Terms, WIPO, p. 264.)</p>
            <p>Article 12 of the <i>Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works</i> (1971) provides that authors of literary and artistic works shall enjoy the exclusive right of authorizing adaptations, arrangements and other alterations of their works. Black’s Law Dictionary provides that copyright holders have the exclusive right to prepare derivative works, or adaptations, based on the protected work.</p>
         </div>
      </glossUsage>
   </glossBody>
</glossentry>
