<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topichead_linking_test">
  <title>Topichead Linking Test</title>
  <body>
    <p>This map tests the ability to link to topicheads and what the result is.</p>
    <p>The DITA spec doesn't completely define what the result should be when a topichead that does
      not specify @chunk is the target of a link, either by direct URI reference or via key
      reference.</p>
    <p>If a topichead specifies "to-content" for @chunk then the processor should treat it as though
      it was a reference to a title-only topic where the title is the topichead's navigation title.
      This ensures that there is a useful target in the main content as rendered.</p>
    <p>This test case tests the following cases:<ol id="ol_xrh_1bz_lv">
        <li>A link to a normal topic via key reference. This is the baseline and should work
          reliably in all DITA 1.2-capable processors.</li>
        <li>A link to a topichead with no @chunk specified via key. Expected results are not
          defined. Different deliverable types may have different results. For PDF would expect it
          to result in a link to the topichead's contribution to the main content flow. For HTML,
          not clear what a reasonable result should be, but linking to the reflection of the
          topichead in some navigation structure (table of contents) would be appropriate.</li>
        <li>A link via key reference to a topichead with @chunk of "to-content" specified. Result
          should be identical to case (1).</li>
        <li>A link via direct URI reference to a topichead with @chunk of "to-content". Not clear
          what the result should be as direct URI references to topicrefs is not 100% defined in the
          DITA 1.x specification.</li>
        <li>A link via direct URI reference to a topichead without @chunk. Again, behavior is
          undefined.</li>
        <li>A link via direct URI reference to a topicref to a topic. Behavior is undefined.</li>
      </ol></p>
    <section>
      <title>The Links</title>
      <p>Case 1: Link to normal topic via key reference: <xref
          keyref="test-case-01"/></p>
      <p>Case 2: Link to topichead via key reference with no @chunk: <xref keyref="test-case-02"
        /></p>
      <p>Case 3: Link to topichead via key reference with @chunk: <xref keyref="test-case-03"/></p>
      <p>Case 4: Link to topichead via direct URI reference with @chunk: <xref
          href="../topichead-linking.ditamap#test-case-04"/></p>
      <p>Case 5: Link to topichead via direct URI reference with no @chunk: <xref
          href="../topichead-linking.ditamap#test-case-05"/></p>
      <p>Case 6: Link to topicref via direct URI reference: <xref href="../topichead-linking.ditamap#test-case-06"/></p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
