<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicsetref_with_key_scopes_test">
  <title>Topicsetref With Key Scopes Test</title>
  <shortdesc>Uses key scopes with topicsetref.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <section spectitle="Overview">
      <p>There are three possible conditions involving key scopes and
          <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement>:<ol id="ol_bdn_4zg_qv">
          <li>The <xmlelement>topicset</xmlelement> specifies a key scope and the
              <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement> does not.</li>
          <li>The <xmlelement>topicset</xmlelement> does not specify a key scope and the
              <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement> does.</li>
          <li>Both <xmlelement>topicset</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement>
            specify a key scope.</li>
        </ol></p>
      <p>In all cases the key scopes should be preserved. The implication of the
          <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement> specification is that references to topic sets should
        be treated like other map-to-map references, which implies that the same semantics as for
        references to maps should apply, namely that any scope names defined on the referencing
        element are combined with scope names on the referenced element to create a single key scope
        with multiple names.</p>
      <p>If a processor treats a <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement> as a literal use-by-reference
        such that the reference is completely replaced by the referenced
          <xmlelement>topicset</xmlelement> element then it is likely to not preserve the scope
        names from the <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement>.</p>
      <p>This test consists of two maps: Map A and Map B. </p>
      <p>Map B defines two topic sets, one with a key scope and one without.</p>
      <p>Map A has three topicset references: one with no scope that references the no-scope
        topicset, one with no scope that references the topic set with a scope, and one with a scope
        that references the topic set with a scope.</p>
      <p>Within the topic sets are topics that include key references to the unqualified keys
        defined within the topic set.</p>
      <p>Within Map A are references to topics that have scope-qualified key references to the keys
        defined within the topic set, using both the scope names from the topicset reference and
        from the topic set. All the links should resolve.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Expected Results">
      <p>The DITA 1.3 specification is silent on the explicit implications for key scopes on topic
        set references. However, treating them like other map references seems like the most
        reasonable (and most useful) interpretation.</p>
      <p>If this interpretation is used, then all the key references in all the topics should
        resolve.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Relevant Specification Language">
      <p>General rules for map-to-map references and key scopes: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/archSpec/base/keyScopes.html#concept_nsb_nv4_3q"
          format="html" scope="external">2.3.4.2 Key scopes</xref>.</p>
      <p>The <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement> element: <xref
          href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part1-base/langRef/base/topicsetref.html#topicsetref"
          format="html" scope="external">3.3.2.7 &lt;topicsetref></xref>.</p>
    </section>
    <section spectitle="Test Results">
      <p>Describe the results of running the tests with different processors. Include the processor
        version and option details so that others can reproduce your tests.</p>
      <table frame="topbot" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_t4w_rgn_cv">
        <title>Test Results</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Processor</entry>
              <entry>Test Result</entry>
              <entry>Notes</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Open Toolkit 2.2.4</entry>
              <entry>
                <p>HTML: The key scopes cause the OT to generate references to new filenames for
                  each use of the topicset but the topicset itself is not processed as part of the
                  generation of the referencing map's topics, so there is a mismatch between the
                  references to the topics in the topicset and what is actually generated when the
                  referenced map is processed separately.</p>
                <p>PDF: The topicsets are reflected in the output as expected but none of the cross
                  references are correctly resolved. However, this could be a more general problem
                  with scoped key resolution in the PDF2 transform.</p>
              </entry>
              <entry>The behavior the OT HTML transform points up one essential problem with the
                topicsetref mechanism: it presumes that the referenced topic will be rendered
                separately for HTML-type outputs but there's no defined way to associate the key
                spaces with the refering and referenced maps. The only rational implication is that
                all the maps are processed together but the OT does not behave that way.<p>That is,
                  there should be no difference in the rendered result for HTML or PDF in terms of
                  what links to what or what the effective navigation flow is once the topicsets are
                  integrated with the referencing navigation structure, but the current OT
                  implementation definitely does not ensure that for HTML output.</p></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>oXygenXML Editor 18 beta</entry>
              <entry>Several issues:<ul id="ul_dc5_yph_qv">
                  <li>The map manager treats the topicset references as though they were references
                    to topics and flags the references as unresolvable. This may be a more general
                    issue with topicrefs that refer to other topicrefs by ID reference.</li>
                  <li>When creating key references, Oxygen treats the topicsetref's scope as a
                    parent of the topicset's scope. </li>
                </ul></entry>
              <entry>
                <p>The rules for combining the scopes of the topicsetref and topicset are not
                  explicitly defined in the DITA 1.3 specification so Oxygen's behavior is arguably
                  correct.</p>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>XMetaL 11</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>FrameMaker 2015</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>ditac 2.5.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>DFST Link Manager 0.9.x</entry>
              <entry>Not tested</entry>
              <entry/>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
